1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
  Answer: Functions can be called anywhere and any number times. 

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
  Answer: A function needs to be called by passing the required arguments in order to run. It won't run during its definition. 

3. What statement creates a function?
  Answer: Functions can be created in two ways, one is by using the keyword 'def' and the other is by using the keyword 'lambda'.

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
  Answer: A function is a set of statements that can be used any number of times. An usage of a function is called 'Function call'.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
  Answer: There is only one global scope in a python program. Number of local scopes depend on the number of functions defined.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
  Answer: Variables with local scope are deleted after the function execution.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return valuein an expression?
  Answer: The result after a function call is called a return value. Yes, a return value can be used in an expression. 
  
8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
  Answer: None is the return value of a function without return statement.
  
9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
  Answer: We can pass the global variable during the function call within one of the arguments.

10. What is the data type of None?
  Answer: None

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
  Answer: It enables us to use objects and methods within a module named 'areallyourpetsnamederic'
  
12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
  Answer: Using spam.bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
  Answer: By using exception handling, i.e., try and except statements.

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
  Answer: Try is used to test a block of code. If an error is occured after running this block of code, another block of code within except will be executed.
